Initial documentation for public notary server (notary.pse.dev) (#73)
tlsnotary/docs-mdbook: src/developers/notary_server.md

## API Endpoints
Please refer to the list of all API endpoints [here](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tlsnotary/tlsn/main/notary-server/openapi.yaml#/).

## PSE Development Notary Server
> **_⚠️ WARNING:_** notary.pse.dev is hosted for development purposes only. You are welcome to use it for exploration and development; however, please refrain from building your business on it. Use it at your own risk.

The TLSNotary team hosts a public notary server for development, experimentation, and demonstration purposes. The server is currently open to everyone, provided that it is used fairly.

We host multiple versions of the notary server:
- [Latest release](https://notary.pse.dev/info) (`main` branch on [GitHub](https://github.com/tlsnotary/tlsn/tree/main/notary-server))
- [Nightly builds](https://notary.pse.dev/nightly/info) (`dev` branch on [GitHub](https://github.com/tlsnotary/tlsn/tree/dev/notary-server))

For more details on the deployment, refer to this [GitHub Action](https://github.com/tlsnotary/tlsn/blob/main/.github/workflows/cd-server.yml).

To check the status of the notary server, visit the `healthcheck` endpoint at:

> <https://notary.pse.dev/healthcheck>

Reviewer: do we need to provide a second link for the nightly endpoint?

### Webproxy Server

> The TLSNotary team also hosts a public webproxy server, which can be used to access the top 500 Alexa Domains.

Reviewer: there are currently only 5 domains whitelisted

| v0.1.0-alpha.3 | https://notary.pse.dev/v0.1.0-alpha.3 | [info](https://notary.pse.dev/v0.1.0-alpha.3/info)/[health](https://notary.pse.dev/v0.1.0-alpha.3/healthcheck) | [v0.1.0-alpha.3](https://github.com/tlsnotary/tlsn/tree/v0.1.0-alpha.3/notary-server)       | [Release notes](https://github.com/tlsnotary/tlsn/releases/tag/v0.1.0-alpha.3) |
| nightly       | https://notary.pse.dev/nightly        | [info](https://notary.pse.dev/nightly/info)/[health](https://notary.pse.dev/nightly/healthcheck)               | [dev](https://github.com/tlsnotary/tlsn/tree/dev/notary-server)                            |                                                |

For more details on the deployment, refer to this [GitHub Action](https://github.com/tlsnotary/tlsn/blob/main/.github/workflows/cd-server.yml).

To check the status of the notary server, visit the `healthcheck` endpoint at:
`https://notary.pse.dev/<version>/healthcheck`

> ### Webproxy Server

Reviewer: should use `websocket proxy server` to be exact

> The TLSNotary team also hosts a public webproxy server, which can be used to access whitelisted domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TLSNotary team also hosts a public websocket proxy server, which can be used to access whitelisted domains.
```

Reviewer: also maybe `...can be used by browser-based prover to access...`?
